Add role and docs for user subscription liquid tag (#9170)
thepracticaldev/dev.to: docs/frontend/liquid-tags.md

To only allow users with specific roles to use a liquid tag, you need to define
a `VALID_ROLES` constant on the liquid tag itself. It needs to be an `Array` of
valid roles. For [single resource roles](/internal), it needs to be an `Array`
with the role and the resource. Here's an example:

```ruby
class NewLiquidTag < LiquidTagBase
  VALID_ROLES = [
    :admin,
    [:restricted_liquid_tag, LiquidTags::UserSubscriptionTag]
  ].freeze
end
```

Here we are saying that the `UserSubscriptionTag` is only usable by users with
the `admin` role or with a role of `:restricted_liquid_tag` and a specified
resource of `LiquidTags::UserSubscriptionTag`.

> `LiquidTags::UserSubscriptionTag` is a resource model to play nicely with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`LiquidTags::UserSubscriptionTag` is a resource model so that we can play nicely with the
```

Author: Good idea - done!
